20:00:00 <zzz> 0) Hi
20:00:00 <zzz> 1) I2P Browser project status (sadie, meeh, idk)
20:00:00 <zzz> 2) Outproxy use cases / status (sadie)
20:00:00 <zzz> 3) 0.9.45 development status (zzz)
20:00:00 <zzz> 4) Status scrum (zlatinb)
20:00:04 <zzz> 0) Hi
20:00:06 <zzz> hi
20:00:19 <zlatinb> hi
20:00:29 <zzz> 1) I2P Browser project status (sadie, meeh, idk)
20:00:51 <zzz> sadie, what's the latest on the browser project?
20:01:22 <zzz> or, as she's not here, anybody else?
20:02:09 <eyedeekay> Hi
20:02:55 <zzz> eyedeekay, you have a status update on the browser project?
20:03:22 <eyedeekay> We're about to put out the last release of the browser for six months before it goes on hiatus. We've decided we need to be much smarter about how we encapsulate configuration and build the browser for the project to become sustainable, right now it is a massive drain on resources. A more complete statement will be issued on the website at the time of the browser release.
20:04:11 <zzz> this release will be beta 8? iirc at our last meeting two months ago, it was projected to be out within 3 days
20:04:58 <eyedeekay> Yes, that is the reason it's going on hiatus. It's simply not sustainable to go about it the way we have been, other options need to be explored that require us to do less work to merely keep up with Firefox release.
20:05:27 <zzz> ok. welcome sadie_, you have anything to add?
20:05:44 <sadie_> no
20:06:05 <zzz> anybody have any comments or questions on 1) browser ?
20:06:52 <zzz> anything else on 1) ?
20:07:29 <zzz> 2) Outproxy use cases / status (sadie)
20:07:32 <eyedeekay> We will be providing recommendations for replacement procedures to configure browsers.
20:07:47 <zzz> ok
20:08:04 <zzz> sadie_, please give us an update on the outproxy research
20:08:51 <sadie_> outproxy research has been postponed over the past months. 
20:09:42 <zzz> ok, any outlook on when it may restart?
20:11:53 <zzz> any comments or questions on 2) outproxy ?
20:12:20 <sadie_> it is not a high priority in the immediate future, as per roadmap. 
20:12:40 <eyedeekay> Meeh has actually improved outproxy performance noticably of late for the general-use, default outproxy at false.i2p
20:13:11 <zzz> anything else on 2) ?
20:14:04 <zzz> 3) 0.9.45 development status (zzz)
20:14:15 <zzz> development is going well
20:14:32 <zzz> we have 17K lines of diff so far, including a big update to the dark themes
20:14:38 <zzz> some fixes for hidden mode
20:14:47 <eche|on> hope that will help
20:15:16 <zzz> some icon changes, new tomcat, new jetty, HTML5 preview player for partial files in i2psnark
20:15:52 <zzz> dates are in the /topic above. tag freeze in a week, checkin deadline in 2 1/2 weeks, release in 3 weeks
20:16:34 <zzz> Not strictly in .45, but I can announce that we've had good interoperability test progress with i2pd on proposal 144 (new encryption)
20:16:59 <zzz> and we're continuing to work through bugs and issues on both sides, and in the proposal itself
20:17:27 <zzz> anybody else wish to highlight anything that's gone in for .45, or anything that will be?
20:19:01 <zzz> anything else on 3) ? questions or comments?
20:19:22 <eche|on> nope
20:20:02 <zzz> 4) Status scrum (zlatinb)
20:20:08 <zzz> go ahead zlatinb 
20:20:15 <zlatinb> Hi.  Briefly: 1) what youâ€™ve done since last meeting 2) what you plan to do next month 3) any blockers or help needed.  Say EOT when done
20:20:46 <zlatinb> me: 1) MW plugin  2) More work on MW plugin, jogger rewrite of SSU 3) no blockers EOT
20:21:16 <zzz> 1) bug fixes, proposal 144, review jogger patches and proposal; 2) more of the same, plus .45 release; 3) no blockers EOT
20:21:54 <eche|on> nothing special, server support, http://wiki.i2p-projekt.i2p runs and is being filled, all fine
20:23:26 <sadie_> working on post install docs improvements with idk, secured more Usability Testing research , community outreach / PR strategy / testing idk's webextensions/  discovery process - resilient infra, rebranding research - more of the same next month
20:23:57 <zlatinb> anyone else?  T-1 minute till scrum end
20:24:01 <eyedeekay> 1) Biggest part of my work was a substantial revision to the default dark theme to improve readability and make it look more modern and consistent. I also added features and fixed bugs in my webextension for Firefox, it now has the ability to talk to i2pcontrol and snark-rpc. I also set up my personal eepSite and a common git resource(a gitlab instance at git.idk.i2p) for the project. 2) I will be working inside 
20:24:01 <eyedeekay>  the git migration. 3) no blockers.
20:24:41 <zlatinb> thanks, scrum.end
20:24:48 <zzz> ok thanks zlatinb 
20:25:07 <zzz> anybody have any questions, comments, or additional topics for the meeting?
20:26:13 * zzz grabs the baffer
20:27:01 * zzz *bafs* the meeting closed
