
(04:00:50 PM) eyedeekay1: Hello zlatinb zzz mikalvmeeh eche|on, if you're all ready we'll start the meeting.
(04:00:50 PM) eyedeekay1: 1) Hi
(04:00:50 PM) eyedeekay1: 2) 0.9.47 release
(04:00:50 PM) eyedeekay1: 3) Monthly meetings follow-up
(04:00:50 PM) eyedeekay1: 4) Git update
(04:01:38 PM) eyedeekay1: Hi everyone, first of all, I am sorry I did not notice that I got the date wrong in my announcement title.
(04:02:38 PM) zzz: hi
(04:02:58 PM) eyedeekay1: hi zzz
(04:03:31 PM) zlatinb: hi
(04:03:42 PM) eyedeekay1: Hi zlatinb
(04:04:49 PM) eyedeekay1: OK so 2) the 0.9.47 release
(04:05:27 PM) eyedeekay1: It does not look like I'm going to get rekeyOnIdle done in time for 0.9.47 either.
(04:05:58 PM) eyedeekay1: What will be included are primarily updates to visual elements on my end.
(04:06:19 PM) eyedeekay1: Anything from zzz or zlatinb on the 0.9.47 release topic?
(04:06:43 PM) zzz: summary is at http://zzz.i2p/topics/2905
(04:06:49 PM) zzz: tag freeze a week from tomorrow
(04:06:53 PM) zzz: release in about 3 weeks
(04:07:07 PM) zzz: diff is at about 18,500 lines which is pretty typical
(04:07:23 PM) zzz: things are looking good. I have a few things to wrap up
(04:07:40 PM) zzz: but I'm pretty confident we can stay on schedule
(04:07:49 PM) zzz: EOT
(04:08:08 PM) eyedeekay1: I saw quite a bit come in yesterday, have been trying to look at it incrementally as you push it. Really exciting to see your work. Thanks very much.
(04:08:41 PM) zzz: that was just misc. stuff that had been sitting in my workspace for weeks, nothing to note really
(04:09:42 PM) eyedeekay1: Well following along is educational nonetheless, I don't know where everything is, watching you work helps me recognize where different things happen
(04:09:43 PM) zzz: just trying to get stuff cleaned up and pushed. sometimes I'll test something for months and months
(04:10:28 PM) zzz: sure, reviewing other people's changes a great way to learn, and to catch mistakes, keep it up
(04:10:39 PM) eyedeekay1: Will do
(04:10:42 PM) eyedeekay1: If there's nothing else, I'll move on to 3) timeout 1m
(04:12:40 PM) eyedeekay1: 2) Monthly Meeting Follow Up:
(04:12:53 PM) eyedeekay1: This is the monthly meeting.
(04:12:53 PM) eyedeekay1: I did not set up a WebIRC gateway, as I understand it would have been against our IRC rules to do so.
(04:13:13 PM) eyedeekay1: I now have a copy of the meeting announcement rules and responsibility for those announcements has been clarified to me.
(04:13:25 PM) eyedeekay1: The announcment for September 1, with the correct date this time, has been posted. No topics yet, please add them as you need them: http://zzz.i2p/topics/2931-meeting-tues-september-1-8pm-utc
(04:14:55 PM) eyedeekay1: This will of course come shortly after the 0.9.47 release
(04:15:45 PM) eyedeekay1: Anything on 2) from anyone else?
(04:17:57 PM) eyedeekay1: 3) Git transition
(04:18:34 PM) eyedeekay1: Git transition is finally getting underway, we have a plan and are beginning to execute upon it
(04:19:08 PM) eyedeekay1: nextloop and I are making progress on getting the next few meaningful mtn branches mirrored over to github
(04:19:27 PM) eyedeekay1: these are still read-only until the conclusion of their respective phases on the git migration, i.e. no pulls or MRs yet
(04:20:04 PM) eyedeekay1: For a detailed description of these phases see: http://zzz.i2p/topics/2920-flipping-the-switch-on-git#10
(04:20:42 PM) eyedeekay1: It would be helpful to nextloop and I if I gave nextloop permission to create repositories in the i2p namespace on github, and to write to the repositories he creates.
(04:20:47 PM) zzz: good job on writing up the plan
(04:21:24 PM) eyedeekay1: Thanks zzz, glad to finally have it in a usable state
(04:22:17 PM) zzz: it's not perfect but it's 'usable' in that we can comment upon it
(04:24:39 PM) eyedeekay1: The next thing that we'll be moving is the web site, which is nice because it's quite simple and doesn't have anything that depends on it, that should be happening this week
(04:25:26 PM) eyedeekay1: But re: nextloop, I'd like to know that it met with broad approval to grant him this permission to create/write to github repos for us?
(04:25:54 PM) zzz: ok. awaiting your edit to the plan/schedule to deconflict it with the .47 release
(04:26:25 PM) eyedeekay1: Ack, got it open in my editor :)
(04:26:48 PM) zzz: You'll have to ask the people that are currently github admins, who aren't here, and I'm not a member of
(04:27:39 PM) eyedeekay1: Thusfar this proposal meets with their approval, although I do still have one non-responder.
(04:29:05 PM) zzz: it's fine with me as long as you two have a reliable communication method and backup. I don't think we need any more unresponsive admins :)
(04:29:53 PM) eyedeekay1: I think we can manage that
(04:30:06 PM) eyedeekay1: So nextloop with get github privs
(04:31:40 PM) zzz: long-unresponsive people with a lot of privileges might be good for a worst-case hit-by-bus backup, but it's also a potential security risk, so that needs to be managed
(04:33:12 PM) eyedeekay1: Yeah
(04:33:20 PM) eyedeekay1: If there's anything else we can deal with here on 3) then I think now, otherwise we'll see the revised plan on the zzz.i2p thread probably within the next day.
(04:33:45 PM) zzz: super
(04:34:18 PM) mikalvmeeh: (I'm halfy here, missed out on the hi)
(04:34:56 PM) eyedeekay1: Well we've made it through the planned topics, does anyone have anything else?
(04:36:43 PM) eyedeekay1: timeout 1m
(04:38:51 PM) eyedeekay1: *bafs* All right that closes this meeting. Please remember September 1, the next scheduled meeting at this same time, 8PM UTC
(04:39:12 PM) eyedeekay1: Thank you everyone for coming
