(03:01:04 PM) eyedeekay: Hi everyone, and welcome to the November 3rd Meeting of the I2P project. idk coming at you somewhat unexpectedly from the Marriot wi-fi, dealing with a pretty nasty captive portal, so today I'm two handles, eyedeekay and idk_mobile in case on or the other connections goes down.
(03:01:04 PM) eyedeekay: Please bear with me on this, this hotel wi-fi is really just... staggeringly bad. I'll back back on my reliable connection on Thursday.
(03:01:04 PM) eyedeekay: On the agenda for today are:
(03:01:04 PM) eyedeekay: 1) Hi (idk)
(03:01:04 PM) eyedeekay: 2) *brief* meeting procedural review (idk)
(03:01:04 PM) eyedeekay: 3) 0.9.48 release (zzz, idk)
(03:01:04 PM) eyedeekay: 4) Call for Testers (idk)
(03:01:04 PM) eyedeekay: 5) Git Progress Update (idk)
(03:01:04 PM) eyedeekay: 6) Router Console additional sites vote(idk)
(03:01:04 PM) eyedeekay: Hello everyone, who else is here today?
(03:01:38 PM) zzz: hi
(03:01:43 PM) eyedeekay: hi zzz
(03:02:09 PM) eyedeekay: Anybody else?
(03:03:21 PM) eyedeekay: Well 2 is either essential or a moot point I guess 2) About the hi's: Many of us run our IRC clients nearly all the time, and it's not always clear who is here and who is not. So at the start of our meetings, we say "hi" just so we know for sure who is here and ready to participate, and who is making sure that they have the scrollback for later. Please say hi for the meeting when you arrive
(03:04:19 PM) eyedeekay: 3) 0.9.48 release
(03:05:07 PM) John left the room (quit: Read error).
(03:05:11 PM) eyedeekay: 0.9.48 Will see the remaining polish on the Light and Dark Router console themes. Mostly small things, to fine-tune margins and padding around the new icons used in those themes. A new set of icons for the Light and Dark Snark themes have been selected based on feedback, as well.
(03:05:11 PM) eyedeekay: 0.9.48 Android release will be using the Android build process which was revised and fixed over the course of last week. The dogfood tastes much better than it has in the previous weeks, looking forward to this one. For those who aren't in the know, for many years our Android releases had their usability greatly compromised due to errors stemming from a misconfigured bootclasspath, which was documented counter-intuitively and minimally, if at all.
(03:05:36 PM) eyedeekay: This issue has been resolved for the future.
(03:06:37 PM) eyedeekay: Sadie and I have been updating, revising, cutting, and re-arranging documentation on the i2p.www git branch "style-guide"
(03:07:38 PM) eyedeekay: Nothing here is set on stone, but are providing more and better examples, specific application help for the bundled I2P applications, updated reseed guides for friend-to-friend reseeds and hosting a reseed server, and updating our comparisons pages
(03:08:10 PM) eyedeekay: zzz what would you like to add?
(03:08:19 PM) zzz: yeah, re: android
(03:08:35 PM) John [john@3n6rizeciinzvbuzub5ux3jru6iazw6drx76cjcwmcc5yaltccca.b32.i2p] entered the room.
(03:08:39 PM) zzz: to be clear, you released 0.9.47-1 last week, and it's available at all the places? I don't think I saw any announcement
(03:08:53 PM) zzz: so you should get the word out and get some test reports
(03:09:17 PM) eyedeekay: Sure I can do an announcement
(03:09:24 PM) zzz: re: 48, all is going well. We're at almost 15K lines of diff, pretty typical
(03:09:42 PM) zzz: the router encryption type work is going surprisingly well, way ahead of schedule
(03:09:48 PM) zzz: that's proposals 152 and 156
(03:10:02 PM) zzz: a lot of that work will be in the .48 release, for brave testers
(03:10:22 PM) zzz: the preliminary release announcement is up on zzz.i2p for review
(03:10:53 PM) zzz: I'd like to decide on a release date today. 23rd or 30th?
(03:10:58 PM) zzz: that would be tag freeze in either one week or two from now
(03:11:25 PM) zzz: eot
(03:12:01 PM) eyedeekay: It no longer matters as much to me, I can't travel for a while anyway, but I'd still like to do the 30th if possible
(03:12:44 PM) zzz: ok, 30th it is. tag freeze on the 18th, checkin deadline the 27th. I'll update the post on my forum
(03:12:53 PM) eyedeekay: Excellent thanks
(03:13:52 PM) eyedeekay: That brings us to 4) call to testers
(03:13:55 PM) eyedeekay: As we go into the last month before the 0.9.48 release, I'd like to call on our users to give us feedback on I2P here, or on the project forum(i2pforum.i2p), or on zzz's forum(zzz.i2p), or on reddit.com/r/i2p where I lurk for us.
(03:14:24 PM) eyedeekay: I'll post this call up to those places when I put the meeting log up to the site
(03:15:00 PM) eyedeekay: Feedback on everything is important, performance, style, configuration. Please be in touch!
(03:15:09 PM) zzz: yeah ok I'll probably set a -rc version tag in about a week
(03:16:57 PM) Sleepy left the room (quit: Read error).
(03:16:58 PM) eyedeekay: Anything else to add on this topic?
(03:17:26 PM) zzz: no
(03:17:49 PM) eyedeekay: Thanks zzz :)
(03:17:57 PM) eyedeekay: 5) Git Update: As of now I have temporarily stopped migrating new repositories while I configure a push rule to enforce GPG-signed commits on the "I2P Developers" namespace. This is a firm requirement for i2p.i2p and i2p.android.base at least. At this time, we have migrated active plugins to the gitlab, as well as i2p.newsxml, i2p.firefox, i2p.scripts, and i2p.www. I have built I2P and I2P for Android successfully from both Git and Monotone this week, including building a mtn-based i2p.android.base on top of a git-based i2p.i2p and a git-based i2p.android.base on top of a mtn-based i2p.i2p. This would imply that after the push rule is set up, i2p.i2p could be migrated without breaking projects that depend on it. TODO for this however is to contact other downstreams, mhatta, zero, and BiglyBT, to inform them of the switch.
(03:19:08 PM) zzz: what's the schedule? before or after the 48 release?
(03:19:31 PM) zzz: I don't believe any downstreams are using mtn
(03:19:52 PM) eyedeekay: I don't think so either, they all use either maven or the github mirror to my knowledge, I just want to make sure
(03:21:17 PM) eyedeekay: I think we can do it before 0.9.48 still, if I start it right after I get the push rule set up.
(03:22:09 PM) Sleepy [Sleepy@bjy63jgb427hmekhcp6v4kxs7p2le7cpuuvdmngod76fv2isfw4a.b32.i2p] entered the room.
(03:22:19 PM) zzz: ok, just don't get too close
(03:23:26 PM) zzz: and get positive acks from everybody before you throw the switch. can't have any laggards
(03:23:29 PM) eyedeekay: Yeah if I don't think I can get it done with a little time before tag freeze I will delay until 49
(03:23:37 PM) eyedeekay: Will do
(03:25:08 PM) eyedeekay: Anything else from anyone on this topic?
(03:26:01 PM) eyedeekay: OK, then the last one is 6)
(03:26:04 PM) eyedeekay:  I would like to add 2 of my sites to the router console home page, the first of which is git.idk.i2p, which is my gitlab host which is open to the community and which is where the I2P mtn repositories have been migrating to.
(03:26:04 PM) eyedeekay:  The second of which is paste.idk.i2p which is a general-purpose pastebin for files and test, which I put up when it appeared that no other pastebins were still accessible.
(03:27:00 PM) zzz: no objections
(03:28:15 PM) zzz: but I suggest another pass at the proposed tooltips, I have some ideas I'll run by you later
(03:29:05 PM) eyedeekay: Fine by me
(03:30:55 PM) eyedeekay: All right that brings us to the end of everything I had planned for this meeting, so if anyone else has any other topics for discussion please bring them up now
(03:31:20 PM) eyedeekay: timeout 1m
(03:32:42 PM) eyedeekay: All right thanks for coming to the meeting zzz, thanks for listening listeners.
(03:33:08 PM) eyedeekay: Next month's meeting will be December 8th, same time, same channel
(03:33:13 PM) eyedeekay: *Baffs*
