(04:00:31 PM) eyedeekay: 1) Hi 
(04:00:31 PM) eyedeekay: 2) 0.9.51/1.5.0 
(04:00:31 PM) eyedeekay: 3) Remaining 0.9.50 items 
(04:00:31 PM) eyedeekay: 4) Streaming choke findings 
(04:00:31 PM) eyedeekay: 5) Jpackage Updates 
(04:00:52 PM) eyedeekay: Hi everybody, time for the Tuesday meeting, who else is here?
(04:00:58 PM) zlatinb: hi
(04:01:05 PM) zzz: yo
(04:01:24 PM) eyedeekay: Cool let's get started
(04:01:34 PM) eyedeekay: 2) 0.9.51/1.5.0
(04:01:45 PM) eyedeekay: zzz posted on the forum about the numbering change
(04:02:06 PM) Irc2PGuest39607: hi!
(04:02:24 PM) eyedeekay: Hi IRC2PGuest39607
(04:02:38 PM) zzz: yeah, we preliminary-decided on 1.5.0 last month, how does everybody feel about it a month later?
(04:02:40 PM) mode (+v anonymousmaybe) by ChanServ
(04:03:08 PM) eyedeekay: It looks like we didn't get any opninions on it, I'm still OK with 1.5.0 as the next release
(04:03:45 PM) X: I like moving towards a 1.x.x
(04:03:47 PM) zzz: me too. will take time to get used to, but it feels like a good idea
(04:04:17 PM) zlatinb: questions: are the maven jars going to stay at api version?  are plugins going to be checked against api versions?
(04:05:36 PM) zzz: my guess is no for both
(04:06:06 PM) zlatinb: ok, as long as it's consistent
(04:06:51 PM) zzz: think of the API version as the "network version". Anything visible to the user should be release version
(04:07:30 PM) eyedeekay: That makes sense to me, and I know 1.5.0 will work with our maven releases
(04:07:42 PM) zzz: idk, may I also give a quick status report here?
(04:07:50 PM) eyedeekay: Yes go ahead
(04:08:00 PM) mode (+v anonymousmaybe) by ChanServ
(04:08:09 PM) zzz: everything is pretty much done for the next release. 10k lines of diff
(04:08:28 PM) zzz: tag freeze aug 11, checkin deadline aug. 20, release week of aug. 23
(04:08:31 PM) zzz: EOT
(04:08:40 PM) eyedeekay: Thanks zzz
(04:09:02 PM) eyedeekay: Are we ready for 3) Remaining 0.9.50 items?
(04:09:52 PM) eyedeekay: Right now the remaining release items are the same as the remaining release items for last month, which are Debian package releases
(04:10:53 PM) zzz: sad story, but at this point all we can do is encourage people to switch to the PPA
(04:11:08 PM) eyedeekay: I've still not received a response from our maintainer so for current debian packages, the only options are deb.i2p2.de/no and the PPA
(04:11:49 PM) eyedeekay: I'll go ahead and make it clear on the website that those are the recommended packages
(04:12:07 PM) eyedeekay: 4) Streaming Choke Findings
(04:12:55 PM) eyedeekay: This was zlatinb's topic, please share your findings when you are ready zlatinb
(04:13:20 PM) zlatinb: Choking does happen on the live network, probably due to some miscalculation of receive buffer size (125 vs 128), probably due to ecies MTU changes, dunno
(04:13:56 PM) zlatinb: I haven't looked into more detail other than to try doubling the receive buffer and verifying that choking no longer occurs
(04:14:42 PM) zlatinb: in general there are other streaming angles I would like to look into more detail but that will be for the next release. 
(04:14:45 PM) zlatinb: eot
(04:14:54 PM) zlatinb: s/next/after next/
(04:14:57 PM) eyedeekay: Interesting. Thanks for looking into that. Should I include this as a topic for next month as well?
(04:15:10 PM) zzz: definitely a topic for further research, but I don't think it rises to the level of needing to be an agenda item
(04:15:30 PM) eyedeekay: OK thanks
(04:16:11 PM) eyedeekay: Last is 5) jpackage updates
(04:16:16 PM) zzz: but lets make sure zlatinb agrees?
(04:16:16 PM) zlatinb: i agree
(04:16:48 PM) eyedeekay: Ack. I'll leave it off the next agenda then
(04:17:50 PM) eyedeekay: jpackage updates: zlatinb and I both have been working on jpackage bundles, zab's is for Mac OSX and is a signed DMG based package, mine is for Windows and is an NSIS based EXE that works like the Firefox Profile Installer
(04:18:30 PM) eyedeekay: We've both been working on getting them to be self-updating and stable, I had a look at zab's work last night and did some catching-up
(04:19:57 PM) eyedeekay: We've been doing releases of the experimental bundles at the same time as the regular releases before, the 1.5.0 AIO bundle and DMG bundle should be self-updating by then
(04:20:17 PM) zzz: AIO?
(04:20:37 PM) eyedeekay: All-in-One, the Windows/jpackage/profile bundle
(04:21:43 PM) eyedeekay: Anything to add from your side on this zlatinb?
(04:22:12 PM) zlatinb: the dmg is done and tested, I'm happy to have it as a download option when 1.5.0 comes out
(04:22:20 PM) zzz: let's be clear what the plan is. We're going to have both of these on the download page, roughly on the same schedule as the rest of the 1.5.0 release? And labeled as what? Alpha? Beta?
(04:23:11 PM) zlatinb: I would prefer "Alternative download option" rather than an alpha/beta label
(04:23:35 PM) zlatinb: dmg is definitely not alpha, beta might be ok
(04:24:19 PM) zzz: I'd also like to have a clear understanding of how we're going to steer people to one or the other. e.g., if you want it to run as a service, don't use this one.
(04:24:34 PM) zzz: don't need to figure it all out at this meeting but sometime before the release
(04:25:22 PM) eyedeekay: We've got a separate page for them where we call them "Experimental" for now. I intend to consider the AIO EXE installer "experimental" for one more cycle. For adding it as an alternative download option for Windows users on the lang/download page I intend to label it as such
(04:25:35 PM) zzz: zlatinb, if it's only been tested by one person so far, then I think we need baby steps and a beta label
(04:26:05 PM) zlatinb: ok
(04:26:17 PM) zzz: "alternative" doesn't mean anything, we need to steer people one way or another. Those instructions can change as we get more testing
(04:27:23 PM) zzz: eyedeekay, last time I peeked at yours, which was a couple weeks ago, you had a long way to go, so you're going to have to hustle, and tell us when it's time to take a look
(04:28:18 PM) zzz: there's also no particular reason to hit the Aug. 23 mark, or have the same schedule as the dmg, if it's not ready
(04:28:48 PM) eyedeekay: Sure, I won't be pushing a new version out until I'm pretty sure it will work every single time
(04:29:38 PM) eyedeekay: I checked in a lot last night after looking through zab's changes but I haven't done a new update test yet
(04:30:42 PM) zzz: I've spent hours and hours helping zab, and 5 minutes skimming yours... maybe you're getting more help from him, or are just grabbing most of his code, but you need to holler when you're ready
(04:31:57 PM) eyedeekay: I borrowed a chunk of zab's code and adapted it but otherwise I've just been figuring it out as I go
(04:32:25 PM) eyedeekay: I'll update the gitlab merge thread shortly to explain where it's the same and where it differs though
(04:32:49 PM) eyedeekay: *this evening
(04:33:53 PM) zzz: this goes for anytime we add an "official" release product on our download page or anywhere. It's a big step to add something new and stand behind it, and I don't ever want to add something without a lot of thought, and full consensus
(04:35:15 PM) eyedeekay: Agreed
(04:35:43 PM) zzz: :)
(04:36:40 PM) eyedeekay: I think that we should settle the remaining alpha/beta and download page issues to reach that consensus in one of the jpackage threads on zzz.i2p then
(04:37:56 PM) eyedeekay: That's all I had on 5, which brings us to the end of the agenda unless anyone has anything to add?
(04:38:29 PM) zlatinb: an item for next meeting or the one after that:
(04:38:44 PM) zlatinb: changes to the news.xml generation workflow to accomodate dmg and exe bundles
(04:39:07 PM) zlatinb: eot
(04:39:16 PM) zzz: last thing on 5) is that you two and echelon must have an agreed plan for the news, yes.
(04:40:12 PM) eyedeekay: I'll put it on the agenda for the next month announcement and get in touch with ech on my side
(04:40:12 PM) eyedeekay: Last minute addition from me, I'll be at Def Con from late Thursday until Monday, spending a most of the time at the CryptoCurrency village, I'll be helping people figure out Bitcoin and Monero I2P integrations
(04:40:43 PM) zzz: what that probably means in practice is zlatinb telling idk and echelon some of the preliminary decisions and going from there
(04:40:53 PM) zzz: eot, sorry slow typing
(04:41:30 PM) eyedeekay: That sounds like good place to start
(04:41:51 PM) zzz: great, have fun, good luck. You have a guess on the best time for people to find you, or clues how to track you down?
(04:43:36 PM) eyedeekay: Crypto Village table is probably the best place to look, I marked 1-3 every day on the form but it'll probably be a little before 1, a little after 3
(04:44:29 PM) eyedeekay: I'll get myself an ActivityPub account so people can toot at me other times
(04:44:44 PM) zzz: ok, haven't seen any PR yet, about time to spin up sadie on twitter, and/or some reddit and forum posts
(04:45:16 PM) eyedeekay: Will do
(04:46:22 PM) eyedeekay: Anything else for the meeting? timeout 1m
(04:47:38 PM) eyedeekay: All right thanks everybody
(04:48:31 PM) eyedeekay: See you around IRC, next month's meeting will be September 7